# Privacy Policy

Carson Katri built the Status Color Meter app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Carson Katri and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Status Color Meter unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

The app does not collect any user information, and any settings chosen are stored on device only.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at carson.katri@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator, and myself (Carson Katri).
